You still have the nerve to say,
I heard that the house you are building now,
The cars I drive were all bought with my money.
My things are easy to use.
Let's go. this time,
You probably want me to give you some money, right?
If you don’t have this kind of mentality,
It is not a thing to be hungry early.
Even if I'm afraid of being beaten or if I'm afraid of giving you a house, I won't give you a single point.
Have you ever passed a word, even if you bowed your head?
It's as big as a bowl. If it weren't for it,
Just a random thing like yours
Can only rub on the 100th
Just be tough.
What kind of comparison are you now?
I don’t want to exchange it with you either.
It is also only suitable for people doing electro-pediatric foot surgery.
Then come here today
Could it be that you just want to drink the news?
Do you still accept your promise?
This is because I have given up my mind